---
layout: post
title: 0. What's all this then?
summary: "Why am I blogging? What will I blog about? Was this worth the pain of
getting back into web development? tbh idk :/"
---
Hello and welcome to my blog (?)

I'm writing because, well, why are any of us doing anything right now? Coronavirus
has changed everything. It's all we can think about. It's a banal thing to say right
now but there it is! Everything is different and it sucks!

The only way I've been able to find any stability in my life has been to journal
every single day. All I do is write about my whiny little feelings, the people I miss,
the people I actually don't miss at all and am glad to not see anymore, the new hobbies
I've picked up, my creative attempts at dating when everyone has to stay 6 feet apart,
how god has completely abandoned us, etc. 

I've noticed a few themes in my writing, and I thought maybe it'd be fun to explore them
some more, and maybe it'd be fun for other people to read them, too? No one's forcing you
to read this though so if it's not fun you should close the tab right now. Life is miserable
enough right now, literally don't let me add to it.

But if you do want to keep reading my ~diary~, here are some topics I think I'll explore soon:

- flirting is so weird right now, like for real
- how my beauty standards have changed in some ways but not in others
- all the stuff that makes me furious as I go on my neighborhood walks
- looking back at my 2020 resolutions and laughing/crying
- everything else that has made me cry lately (including the sound of BART)

and so on. You'll be getting some raw, uncut Morgy, and maybe you'll relate to some of what I write,
or maybe you won't at all. So yeah kind of a meaningless statement there. Well. Alrighty then.
<a href="https://buttondown.email/lil_morgy" target="_blank">Click here</a> to subscribe for updates?

P.S. I had to dive back into web development (ugh) to put this blog together and everything
about it sucked and honestly, computers are a prison. That's just my personal take on it
but it's true. So on that note if anything about the CSS is wonky or something, do not even bother
to tell me, I DON'T care and I WON'T be fixing it.